
Tony
====

Tony is a program for computer-aided melody annotation. It has a
graphical interface based on the Sonic Visualiser libraries, and uses
the pYIN Vamp plugin to extract pitch track and notes from monophonic
audio.


Features
========

 * robust monophonic pitch track extraction
 * note track extraction
 * facility to adjust the note track
 * note pitch adjusts to pitch track when notes are split
 * import/export of pitch track and note track


Warning
=======

This program is still a prototype, which may change, and which
generally may not have the functionality you'd expect.


Note Editing
============

A particular problem (see Warning, above) is the opaque editing
procedure. In order to edit notes, enter the multi-tool mode by
selecting the move button in the toolbar. There are four ways in which
you can change a note:

 1. by clicking on the upper half of a note and dragging you can move
    the note
 2. by clicking on the beginning or end of a note and dragging you can
    change the onset or offset time
 3. by clicking into the bottom part of a note you can split the note
    (this will recalculate the pitch of the resulting new notes)
 4. by shift-clicking into the bottom part of a note you can delete
    the note

By double-clicking into an empty part of the timeline you can create a
new note.


Authors, Citation, License and Use
==================================

Tony was developed at Queen Mary, University of London in
collaboration with New York University.

Code copyright 2005-2014 Chris Cannam, Queen Mary University of
London, and the Tony project authors: Matthias Mauch, George Fazekas,
Justin Salamon, and Rachel Bittner, except where indicated in the
individual source files. Thanks also to Simon Dixon and Juan Bello.

If you make use of this software for any public or commercial purpose,
we ask you to kindly mention the authors and Queen Mary, University of
London in your user-visible documentation. We're very happy to see
this sort of use but would much appreciate being credited, separately
from the requirements of the software license itself (see below).

If you make use of this software for academic purposes, please cite
one of the publications indicated on the Publications page:
https://code.soundsoftware.ac.uk/publications?project_id=tony

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or (at
your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A ARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
General Public License for more details. You should have received a
copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If
not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

